Introduce `fixed_char_length` algorithm in Text Chunking (#10043)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _ingest-pipelines/processors/text-chunking.md

The `text_chunking` processor splits a long document into shorter passages. The processor supports the following algorithms for text splitting:

> - [`fixed_token_length`](#fixed-token-length-algorithm): Splits text into passages of the specified size of tokens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fixed_token_length`](#fixed-token-length-algorithm): Splits text into passages of the length specified by the number of tokens.
```

> - [`fixed_char_length`](#fixed-char-length-algorithm): Splits text into passages of the specified size of characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [`fixed_char_length`](#fixed-char-length-algorithm): Splits text into passages of the the length specified by the number of characters.
```

| `field_map.<input_field>`	  | String	   | Required	 | The name of the field from which to obtain text for generating chunked passages.	                                                                                                    |
| `field_map.<output_field>`	 | String	   | Required	 | The name of the field in which to store the chunked results.	                                                                                                                        |
| `algorithm`	                | Object	   | Required	 | Contains at most one key-value pair that specifies the chunking algorithm and parameters.                                                                                            |

> | `algorithm.<name>`          | String	   | Optional	 | The name of the chunking algorithm. Valid values are [`fixed_token_length`](#fixed-token-length-algorithm), [`fixed_char_length`](#fixed-char-length-algorithm) or [`delimiter`](#delimiter-algorithm). Default is `fixed_token_length`.	 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `algorithm.<name>`          | String	   | Optional	 | The name of the chunking algorithm. Valid values are [`fixed_token_length`](#fixed-token-length-algorithm), [`fixed_char_length`](#fixed-char-length-algorithm), or [`delimiter`](#delimiter-algorithm). Default is `fixed_token_length`.	 |
```

The `max_chunk_limit` parameter limits the number of chunked passages. If the number of passages generated by the processor exceeds the limit, the excess text is added to the last chunk.
{: .note}

> ### Fixed char length algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fixed character length algorithm
```

Author: Okay, I changed the subtitle and its internal link.
- Before
```md
[`fixed_char_length`](#fixed-char-length-algorithm)
```

- After
```md
[`fixed_char_length`](#fixed-character-length-algorithm)
```

The following table lists the optional parameters for the `fixed_char_length` algorithm.

| Parameter  | Data type | Required/Optional  | Description  |
|:---|:----------|:---|:---|
| `char_limit`	     | Integer	  | Optional	 | The char limit for chunking algorithms. Valid values are integers of at least `1`. Default is `2048`.	                                                  |
| `overlap_rate`	    | Float     | Optional	 | The degree of overlap in the token algorithm. Valid values are floats between `0` and `0.5`, inclusive. Default is `0`.	                                              |

> | `max_chunk_limit`	 | Integer   | Optional	 | The chunk limit for chunking algorithms. Default is 100. To disable this parameter, set it to `-1`.	|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `max_chunk_limit`	 | Integer   | Optional	 | The chunk limit for chunking algorithms. Default is `100`. To disable this parameter, set it to `-1`.	|
```

> The default `char_limit` is calculated as 512 (tokens) * 4 (chars) = 2048 as 512 token is a common limit for text embedding models. According to [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/concepts#tokens), heuristically, one token generally corresponds to ~4 characters of text for common English text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default `char_limit` is calculated as `512 (tokens) * 4 (chars) = 2048` because 512 tokens is a common limit for text embedding models. According to [OpenAI](https://platform.openai.com/docs/concepts#tokens), one token generally corresponds to approximately 4 characters of text for common English text.
```

Reviewer: Can we make the formula in this note and the note on line 60 have similar wording?

```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

### Recursive text chunking using cascaded processors

> For more advanced control, you can chain more than two processors in order to create a recursive chunking effect. This strategy involves breaking down text into progressively smaller, more semantically meaningful units.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more advanced control, you can chain more than two processors in order to create a recursive chunking effect. This strategy involves deconstructing text into progressively smaller, more semantically meaningful units.
```

> For example, you can first split a document into paragraphs (`\n\n`), then split each paragraph into sentences (`.`). Finally, you can chunk each sentence using the `fixed_char_length` algorithm to ensure that the final passages do not exceed a specific length. This hierarchical approach helps maintain as much semantic context as possible within the final size constraints.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, you can first split a document into paragraphs (`\n\n`) and then split each paragraph into sentences (`.`). Finally, you can chunk each sentence using the `fixed_char_length` algorithm to ensure that the final passages do not exceed a specific length. This hierarchical approach helps maintain as much semantic context as possible within the final size constraints.
```
